I have to go with Matt and Flavio
high-drama
oh god it was so emotional I know it was
the first time I've ever sat in and
actually watched the show is it because
the last year obviously going right the
way through the year before I didn't get
a chance to get in but the atmosphere in
the studio was just electrifying because
he just didn't know where it was going
to go
you had Alicia who's put on this
first-class performances every week
being the head girl and everyone saying
oh she's going to make it she's going to
make it but then they're saying well
actually she won't make it because we're
gonna have two boys in the final then
you had Matt who's been throughout the
series keeps forgetting this
choreography but everyone loves him he's
the young boy that we all want to
support and the other gorgeous Gethin
who had that amazing transformation with
his dancing so nobody knew where it was
going to go and and the night just
seemed to go so quickly because we were
just waiting to see what the results
were going to be at the end and and I
think the worst job of all was the job
for the judges I would not have wanted
to have been a judge last night I'm very
very hard but as i sat there you didn't
make the right decision there Karen if
you had been a judge what do you have
gone through my summary of it is no
matter who had gone out the nation would
have been upset
unfortunately somebody had to go it was
so close I was sat there watching and
I'm thinking okay Alicia's gone through
now let's watch this dance-off I'm
watching it first of all from the
performance side of things I'm thinking
this is not how the judges are going to
be watching it they're not falling in
love with the gorgeous getting or the
young Matt they're going to be watching
the heels the toes the performance the
frame they get very technical but very
very technical and it would have been
the last person that gave that little
bit of sparkle or had that little bit of
added technique that would have made Len
go yeah I've got to go that way and I
think whoever you know if Matt had been
knocked out I think we would have all
been sat here really upset that Matt was
out it would leave should be knocked out
I think we would have all
on the I mean but on the Matt getting
thing I looked at the betting odds on
Saturday morning before counting money
death him was surefire to get through
they had matter eight to one because of
his performance the previous week again
they thought you know he done too badly
he forgot his choreography as you said
but it was that journey he took on
Saturday night when the judges stood up
and applauded him and he got and he got
all this tension that's what got matter
over again I I think what got mats who
ever get in would have been the smallest
technical thing because all went down to
Len Goodman's vote at the end wasn't it
if we're to send it back out to the
public that vote we could have had a
different answer again but as it turned
out it was all down to Len and Len would
it would have been looking at it going
that ticked my last box and he would
have had to have gone with something and
we'll never know we'll never know what
it was and but I think what happened for
Matt estranges that both get in and Matt
superb dancers very very close but the
saving grace of Matt was almost the
disaster that he had the week before
because he pulled it back up you only
did it without the nail the quarry okay
this much he was much more confirmation
to get in and so sad final in a way I
can't say I don't know mean with Alicia
all this time I I am the finding of yes
I am a big fan of Alicia but you never
know on the night dig down to the public
and I hope they have a lot of fun it's a
great Christmas in the final